Date: 02-Feb-2022
1)Can overloading is possible by having same method name with same number and order of parameters but different in return type?
ans)we cannot have methods of same name and parameters but differ in return type

2)Can we override the private virtual method of abstract class using public method from the deriuved class?

Private (virtual or abstract) members are not allowed.

3)Can we have private and protected abstract and virtual methods in abstract base class?
we can have protected abstract method but not private abstract method


4)Can we have method overloading across base and deried classe?
Yes we Can


5)Can we type cast the derived class instance using the base class?
N0


6)Can we have public property in abstract base class?
yes


7)Can we have same property in base and derived class?
yes


8)Can we derive a public class from internal class?
No


9)Can we have internal virtual or abstract methods in abstract class?
yes


10)Can we have private or protect class?
Elements defined in a namespace cannot be explicitly declared as private, protected, protected internal or 
private protected.
Type declarations in a namespace can have either public or internal access. If no accessibility is 
specified, internal is the default.
Inner class can be Private


11)Can we have internal property?
Yes We Can


12)Can we have virtual method in not-abstract class?
Yes

13)Can we have abstract method in not-abstract class?
A method cannot be an abstract member of a nonabstract class.

14)What will happen if the derive class dows not override all abstract methods of the abstract class?
A class is required to implement all the abstract members in the base class, unless the class is also abstract.


15)Can we have virtual and/or abstract methods in sealed class
function' is abstract but it is contained in nonabstract class 'class'
    A method cannot be an abstract member of a nonabstract class.
   A sealedclass cannot be used as a base class. Therefore, it is useless to have a virtual method in sealed class.

16)Can we have sealed access modifier for method?
we cannot use sealed keyword for method
we can have sealed method whch we dont want to override



Date :feb 4

we can have Static Constructors but does not allow access modifiers and must be parameter less





